hello kids it's a Jason here and I have
someone I want to introduce to you hi
I'm Stephanie nice to meet you guys hi
I'm Stephanie it's nice to meet you guys
she is one of my very dear friend and um
we are at toys r us on a whim and we
were just going to do some toy shopping
because Stephanie actually wants to find
some monster high I know she's really
into the free confusion oh we just
missed the file so we're going to look
for Monster High freaky fusions for
Stephanie Stephanie which ones was that
you were wanting I want the I want the
Avia Trotter and the Sirena von boo and
end and Nathan rot she is so in love
with him it's just sure it's just cuz I
love you too please sure fine find you
find your tall
yay yeah look at their oh okay oh I love
her fin I love her fin I don't know if I
want this one out this wasn't you
looking for now oh well I this one looks
a little oh oh there's that one that
one's about her oh I love Sirena von boo
ok so we look down the Disney I'll who's
your favorite princess sleeping beauty
when she wears her blue dress she's a
blue girl I don't understand it's
tiffany purely and so silly talk normal
okay we love we love dolls too
my
and Raquel you all know I love her she's
one of my favorites okay let's see we're
getting close to UM shopkins as I'm in
love with shopkins oh I like this little
thing I think it's like some kind of ice
cream I love that watermelon too and
when it's glittery and it says find the
ultra red glitter shopkins apparently
that's an ultra rare because it
polluters and I'm getting those too ah
selves Stephanie like selfs too yes
thank you I do like the rare ones though
I have a head of I have a head so much
luck finding the rare one yeah okay
so My Little Pony My Little Pony oh yeah
my little pony you are my very best
friend Stephanie likes the the blind
boxes to like you she does ooh Stephanie
get some I'm working on it I have to
pick I have to pick one will go with
this one this is like the wall of demon
babies like I just really cannot I can't
with these oh it I really can't with
these right here like no these are like
come out at night and eat your soul
babies I just like look it look at this
what is this Stephanie that's gonna be
under your bed tonight
e 0 bad hair day babies what is this
yogurt enies like yogurt baby like oh oh
good this like mega soul-eating baby
that is almost as big as my head oh who
are like you know oh I don't like I
don't like that thing I don't at all
look let's make friends oh my friends
these things are creepy looking yes they
are who has freckles like I was about to
say that looks like like face paint I
can't with that okay so they're actually
about to close but Stephanie and I we
got shopkins and we got her monster hi
to my little pony oh my gosh it's gonna
be a fun night for us yes okay so um
thank you guys for coming along hi I'm
so glad the Stephanie got to come along
with me she is one of my very best
friends you're one of my very best
friends Jason I'm missing you since the
sincerity I haven't seen her in forever
alright guys thank you for coming along
I love you stay awesome adios